Brother Wuji is my boyfriend
How could you do this to him?
Sister, I'm not talking about you.
Even if you don't care about your identity
But we still have to take into account the face of the Zhang family
If outsiders know
Dangerous Miss Zhang Family
I actually found such a pariah boyfriend
It has to make people laugh out loud, that's right
The face of our Zhang family has been disgraced by you
Shut up
Since Xiao Wuji has become English's boyfriend
It's my family.
Thunder, bring me a chair
Come to Wuji and sit here
Thank you uncle
Uncle heard Ning Yu say that you have read poetry since childhood
See you today
It's really extraordinary
Hahaha lad can talk
I like it.
I've never heard of Beihai Youxiu
OK family group
What does your family do?
I'm not from a famous family.
Parents died as children
I grew up with my adoptive father and was indeed the first
What kind of work are you doing now, Sister Wu?
Where do you live?
What car are you driving?
I just returned to Beihai
Stayed in a hotel for the past few days
My friend lent me a car for transportation
Then listen to you say that, little Wu Qi
Then you have neither background nor assets.
No more working trash
Sister, I heard that many men covet wealth
To deceive the feelings of a rich daughter like you
You should be vigilant
Don't be deceived by this kind of soft food man